Add some README's (#5960)
rizinorg/rizin: librz/main/README.md

# RzMain

The `rz_main` library implements CLI entry points for the Rizin toolset and exports

> their as a C API for programmatic use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
them as C API (see `rz_main.h`).
```

API already means application programmable interface.

> [!NOTE]
> Internally used in `binrz\*` for creating binaries.

## Tools

[Description of each utility](https://book.rizin.re/src/introduction/overview.html)

## Architecture

`main.c` contains:
- dispatch table mapping tool names to their callbacks and corresponding `rz_main_find` 
- `rz_main_version_print` for obtaining a version of the tool

> Each file with tool name provide CLI logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each file with a tool name provides the CLI logic.
```

> Each file with tool name provide CLI logic.

Reviewer: You can skip this section if it blows up in too much work.
The above is already helpful.
